Feature/pre auth home page (#73)
pxblue/angular-workflows: login-workflow/docs/existing-project-integration.md

The configuration below has the base URL redirect to the login screen. 
All routes that require authentication can be protected using the `PxbAuthGuard`.  This guard will prevent routes from being accessed from unauthenticated users.  

> > By default, the `PxbAuthGuard` will redirect an unauthenticated user to the empty route; the redirect url can be configured in the `PxbAuthConfig` service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, the `PxbAuthGuard` will redirect an unauthenticated user to the `AUTH_ROUTES.AUTH_WORKFLOW` route. If you would like to redirect the users to a different screen, the destination url can be configured in the `PxbAuthConfig` service with the `authGuardRedirectRoute` property.
```
